bug - status_list_to_retry not iterable (#40838)
demisto/content: Packs/ApiModules/ReleaseNotes/2_2_49.md

#### Scripts

##### MicrosoftGraphMailApiModule

- Fixed a syntax error that would occur when trying to connect to the api.

##### EWSApiModule

> - Fixed a syntax error that would occur when trying to connect to the api.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed a syntax error that occurred when trying to connect to the API.
```
